Move from BGB to Emulicious as suggested emulator (#45)
gbdev/gb-asm-tutorial: src/part1/palettes.md

:::

> If you chose to combine the video viewers in the previous chapter, the palette viewer should show up on the bottom left of the tile viewer.

Reviewer: The Palette Viewer is on the bottom right of the Video Viewer, not on the bottom left of the Tile Viewer.

Reviewer: Aw, sorry I should have made it clearer that it's actually two remarks here: It's not just Tile Viewer vs. Video Viewer but also that it says "bottom left" where it should say "bottom right". Sorry for the inconvenience.

> Please select Emulicious' "Tools" tab, then select `Palette Viewer`.
> If the video viewers are combined, it should show up on the bottom left of the viewers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you chose to combine the video viewers in the previous chapter, the palette viewer should show up on the bottom left of the tile viewer.
Otherwise, please select Emulicious' "Tools" tab, then select `Palette Viewer`.
```
